everyone's like fine and I to here got a
very special unboxing for you guys today
and no I'm actually just not doing any
embossing name as much right now
actually after this video we're really
seeing a lot more Mario video soon but
omneya this game is kind of a day late
because my stores were totally late off
of it but before I do that I wanna show
my recent pick up my recent my recent
pickups Danny Phantom Delta enemy for
GBA and Kirby Super Star Ultra those are
my like you know where's it pick up also
my DF site was messing up so badly so I
had to trade it in to get different one
now it just got the cobalt blue back in
really good shape
well yeah anyway from that now got the
unboxing in my first game of this system
and so long
it is lego city undercover for the Wii U
it's kind of like a day late from the
stores and why the delay that is my
first Wii U game it's so long I cannot
wait to play this up and looking so
forth this is the New Year's launch and
no I will be doing the points later
today so I would not be giving any more
when you points out unless they really
don't want sorry about that guys not you
mean or anything going on this side
Wow well that's it okay there you go and
here is the front with chase McCain the
side and hopefully cool your quality
lego city comes to life go undercover as
chase McCain using the Wii U gamepad
controller you your ultimate detective
tool ready ten-four cartoon violence and
crude humor anyway hope Anissa and
before actually show anything to get out
the points put on the back of the points
to show this chase and here is like if
you like this too big new like these
others don't have do and do I'm not sure
if I would like to sing it or same party
or whatever it is
Sanwa a fantastic game a shop not too
much different that kind of part I look
Mario anyway there's the booklets whole
lots actually pretty thick compared to
what I thought it will be there's chase
outside a police station looks like the
helicopter your and everything like that
and we'll see the menu
prison if you think about it other than
also language
here's disk go that's pretty much it for
this unboxing
you